I've got one more to put it on the
record don't taste someone else I was
climbing if you are counting there in
the clock and take a shot for God and
you take them out this is in your area
Brian you indicate that in the you know
your two points up and there's say 54
seconds to go and you're so I'm gonna
have a shot for God no bus there's no
worry so you stand there take you to 20
seconds so you clean the clock down and
get to 30 and you turn around and go
bang kick it backwards to the next bike
backwards don't like you shot at Carl
yeah and then it then you've you've
essentially wasted 30 seconds off the
clock we know shouldn't be allowed to
know what's wrong with it
we if you indicate to the employee
you're taking the shot a goal you must
take the comical no you can't legislate
if someone all of a sudden provides a
good lead you're gonna hit him no Brian
because it's open to exploitation the
great final 50 meters out
yes that's right and all of a sudden I
see Gary Ablett jr. on his own in the
forward pocket I'm gonna give it to him
you are Gary you can't Lee just like
that no I don't agree that's wrong it's
wrong ah so you know that a party or
leading player anymore not if you
indicate to the Empire you're taking to
the Charlotte girl you must watch it
outside of that I'm not sure because
what yeah now what you're doing is you
are saying I want the 30 seconds which
is afforded me to take this shot at goal
but at the same time you have I want the
ability if someone does provide a lead
both ways Brian because you are taking
advantage of a rule that is only
extended to someone who takes the shot
at goal coming back to me now
when I win I can I know we can they go
to personal cannot take advantage of a
tech of of a 30-second time period when
you're only allowed eight seconds
normally get a hold on won't you say now
on what the xxx raising the cab the shot
the reason that kind of what you just
suggested is that would require a real
change an actual change to the laws of
the game no I'm not gonna be able to do
it
happen in the grand final you're going
to be two points up they don't know
exactly how long left these empires
Brian Davey so stupid done don't be so
grand Gary there are others are rare but
from the bane out of the second the
bikes is now able to shot at gone 55 mm
leshawna car and he says well there's a
minute 20 on the clock and the
opposition goal is 30 seconds go so the
minute 20 which is a DC consistent over
50 he's got to get it to within 29
seconds he's going to turn around and
kick it 50 meters back to another guy
who marks it I'll just walk across
opposition teams should make sure that
doesn't happen the exploitation of a
rule then is open to exploitation and
should be shut and who if you indicate
you want the 30
okay as a nope I'm gonna say well rather
than the own I'm gonna give you the 30
you must use the 30 to keep the car
emission flag just unfurl there for the
Hawks are all in one